alright alright welcome to another blade
HQ overview gonna take a look at a
Kershaw today this isn't a new one from
them it is model number 1870 the
knockout it's been out for about two
three years however there are a number
of different blade sales as well as
finishes so we'll take a look at those
as well as a number of reasons why you
might like this knife so starting out
with the name it's called the knockout
because you can see right here in the
handle they've literally knocked out a
section and this is what's called a
subframe lock so you can see just like a
frame lock however it has two different
materials
the majority of the handle is made out
of aluminum and then they have this
stainless steel plate in that and you
get basically the advantage of both
those the lightness from the aluminum
and then the strength from the stainless
steel fact this knife only weighs three
point eight zero ounces so very nice and
light feeling additionally you have a
nice deep pocket clip on it and that is
four-way reversible so right hand left
hand tip up tip down carry however you
want you're going to be able to carry
that let me go ahead and give you a shot
of that in the pocket
alright so that's what it looks like
when you are carrying this knife you do
have the lanyard hole and then
continuing on with the friendliness of
the right hand the left hand aspects of
this knife deployment you have the
flipper there as well as ambidextrous
thumb studs and this runs on the speed
safe assisted opening so you can see it
comes out nice and fast there this is
the stone washed version in the blade
steel that is 14 C 28 in feels good in
the hand and you'll also notice that it
is very slim in fact let me give you a
measurement on that
so less than half an inch point three
basically 0.4 of an inch overall length
this comes in at 7 and 3/4 of an inch
and then it has a three and a quarter
inch blade now if you don't want the
black you can get it in a allof handle
with a black blade and that has the same
blade steel 14 C 28 in if you like a
little bit more premium steel you can
also get it in a brown aluminum handle
and it has the L max again in stone wash
and then lastly what they've just come
out with you can continue to get it in
the brown aluminum handle with the L max
steel but now in a black wash which is a
really nice look to it so there you go
they're your options and some of the
reasons why you might like the knockout
go ahead click that Buy Now button head
over to blade HQ and grab one for
yourself today thanks for watching
everybody have a good one